Central claim unit: a5
Original order:
e1 opp The idea of the bachelor degree is to put together a cumulative grade from various individual assignments in order to generate a final grade.
e2 opp This is also more akin to the real working world later, where performance isn't singular, but constant and has to be delivered over longer periods.
e3 opp That's why it makes sense that the bachelor thesis only makes up a relatively small portion of the final grade (15 out of 120 credits).
e4 pro However, the effort required for the individual equally weighted modules differs strongly.
e5 pro It would therefore be wise to adjust the required effort for final theses accordingly.
1. Inspection:
1.1
No inseparable bigrams
No bigram/unit move no-gos
No clear unit/position no-gos
1.2
e2: "This" [0:4] -> e1 "a cumulative grade from various individual assignments in order to generate a final grade"; no simple NP available
e3: "That" [0:4] -> e2 whole unit; no simple NP available
2.
(trying to move central for survey)
Move: [1,2,3,4,5]->[5,1,2,3,4]
e5 pro It would therefore be wise to adjust the required effort for final theses accordingly.
[-"therefore"] COMMENT: backward reference not possible
[-"accordingly"] COMMENT: backward reference to e4 not possible
-> It would be wise to adjust the required effort for final theses.
e1 opp The idea of the bachelor degree is to put together a cumulative grade from various individual assignments in order to generate a final grade.
e2 opp This is also more akin to the real working world later, where performance isn't singular, but constant and has to be delivered over longer periods.
e3 opp That's why it makes sense that the bachelor thesis only makes up a relatively small portion of the final grade (15 out of 120 credits).
e4 pro However, the effort required for the individual equally weighted modules differs strongly.
COMMENT: e5 implicitly references e4, but 'bracketed', distant claim support like here is not uncommon in the corpus; usable for survey